Project : Classification

Problem Statement:-

Your client is a retail banking institution. Term deposits are a major source
of income for a bank.
A term deposit is a cash investment held at a financial institution. Your
money is invested for an agreed rate of interest over a fixed amount of
time, or term.
The bank has various outreach plans to sell term deposits to their
customers such as email marketing, advertisements, telephonic marketing
and digital marketing.
Telephonic marketing campaigns still remain one of the most effective way
to reach out to people. However, they require huge investment as large call
centers are hired to actually execute these campaigns. Hence, it is crucial
to identify the customers most likely to convert beforehand so that they can
be specifically targeted via call.
You are provided with the client data such as : age of the client, their job
type, their marital status, etc. Along with the client data, you are also
provided with the information of the call such as the duration of the call, day
and month of the call, etc. Given this information, your task is to predict if
the client will subscribe to term deposit.

Data:-
You are provided with following files:
1. train.csv : Use this dataset to train the model. This file contains all the
client and call details as well as the target variable “subscribed”. You have
to train your model using this file.
2. test.csv : Use the trained model to predict whether a new set of clients
will subscribe the term deposit.

Evaluation Metric:-
The Evaluation metric for this competition is accuracy.
Solution Checker
You can use solution_checker.xlsx to generate score (accuracy) of your
predictions.
This is an excel sheet where you are provided with the test IDs and you
have to submit your predictions in the “subscribed” column. Below are the
steps to submit your predictions and generate score:
a. Save the predictions on test.csv file in a new csv file.
b. Open the generated csv file, copy the predictions and paste them in the
subscribed column of solution_checker.xlsx file.
c. Your score will be generated automatically and will be shown in Your
Accuracy Score column